%% tells me he's picked up a non-human life form aboard.
%%! Unpack Rachel and get out the puncture repair kit. I'm alive!
%%, do you believe in advanced mutual compatibility, on the basis of a primary initial ident?
%%, kindly get to the point before I jam your nose between your cheeks and make it the filling of a buttock sandwich.
%%, no vacuum cleaner should be giving a human being a double polaroid!
%%, the Albanian State washing machine company has more advanced technology than us.
*eats the sandwich* I feel like I'm having a baby!
*jogging* Hello %%, you pregnant, baboon bellied, space beatnik! What's the plan for today then, slobbing in the morning, followed by slobbing in the afternoon, then a bit of a snooze before your main evening slob? Oh, you're a disgrace to the species %%!
/me watches fish falling through the ceiling and the mayor of Warsaw spontaneously combust
Betty Rubble? Well, I would go with Betty... but I'd be thinking of Wilma.
Did you hear that sir? %%, do you have any conception of the penalty for describing a superior technician as a smeghead?
Erm, I think we're losing sight of the real issue here, which is 'What are we gonna call ourselves?' Erm, and I think it comes down to a choice between 'The League Against Salivating Monsters' or my own personal preference, which is 'The Committee for the Liberation and Integration of Terrifying Organisms and their Rehabilitation Into Society'. Erm, one drawback with that - the abbreviation is 'CLITORIS'.
Garbled, confusing, and quite frankly duller than an in-flight magazine produced by Air Belgium.
Give quiche a chance.
Has anyone ever told you that the configuration and juxtaposition of your features is extraordinarily apposite?
Have you any idea how irritating you've just been? There are things that you could teach to tropical skin diseases!
Have you ever been hit on the head with a sledgehammer?
Have you ever in dissection class held up a frog by its head? You know the way its belly sort of sticks out above its spindly little legs? Well, that's the picture I see when you get down from the bunk in the morning.
He told me that, in a previous incarnation, I was Alexander the Great's chief eunuch.
Hermann Goering was 'a bit dodgy'?!?!
Hey hey hey, I've got you now, buddy! J, O, Z, X, Y, Q, K! It's the sound you make when you get your sexual organs trapped in something.
I bet you've got a terminal disease, it always happens to the people who least expect it don't you think?
I don't blame you. You spoke to five people and they all committed suicide. I wouldn't mind, but one was a wrong number! He only phoned up for the cricket scores!
I have a medium-sized fire axe buried in my spinal column. That sort of thing can really put a crimp on your day.
I never want to see or hear from the scum-sucking, lying, weasel-minded smeg-head in my entire life!
I want a triple fried egg butty with chilli sauce and chutney.
I'll tell you one thing, I've been to a parallel universe, I've seen time running backwards, I've played pool with planets and I've given birth to twins, but I never thought in my entire life I'd taste an edible Pot Noodle.
I'm not afraid, Mr. Death, sir. I believe my friends have bought me enough time to complete the Dove program. Now, if you'll forgive the rather confrontational imperative... Go for yer guns, ya scum-sucking molluscs!!
Ignore him! He's a complete and total nutter! AND he's only got one testicle!
Is that a cigarette you're smoking, %%?
It's a red and blue striped golfing umbrella!
It's a, it's a, it's a small off-duty Czechoslovakian traffic warden!
It's a, it's, it's the Bolivian navy on manoeuvres in the South Pacific!
It's like a cross between food and bowel surgery.
Kerplunk kerplunk - whoops, where's my thribble?
Let's at least ask someone who's at least going to give us a slightly more intelligent opinion. Hello, wall! What do you think?
Look out Earth, the slime's comin' home!
Look, it hasn't has happened HAS happened! It's only has have GOING to have happened... happened.
Look, just because it's an armour-plated alien killing machine that salivates unspeakable slobber doesn't mean it's a bad person. What we've got to do is get it round a table and put together a solution package - perhaps over tea and biscuits.
Next time I see him he'll be suffering from a fist-related teeth disorder.
No, it's a chicken.
No, we have. I just don't know where we are. There's no two ways about it, I flamingoed up!
Now I know why dogs lick their testicles...it's to get rid of the taste of the food.
Oh %%. You are a smeghead.
Oh god, aliens? Your explanation for anything slightly peculiar is aliens, isn't it? You lose your keys, it's aliens. A picture falls off the wall, it's aliens. That time we used up a whole bog roll in a day, you thought that was aliens as well.
Oh, screw down my diodes and call me Frank!
Oh, spin my nipple nuts and send me to Alaska!
Ohhh! I'm gonna die! I've been fished to death!
Ok, ok, but look at the flipside of the coin. It's not all good. Take someone like, say, St. Francis of Assissi. In this universe he's just a petty-minded little sadist who goes round maiming small animals. Or Santa Claus, what a bastard! He's the big fat git that who sneaks down people's chimneys and steals all the kids' favourite toys.
Please rush me my portable walrus polishing kit. Four super brushes that will clean even the trickiest of seabound mammals. Yes, I am over eighteen, though my IQ isn't.
Poppycock. It has have going to have happened. It is going to have been happening. It will be was an event that could will have been taken place in the future. Simple as that.
Remember, it's %%'s mind out there. Expect sickness.
S-E-X, you know I want it! S-E-X, I'm gonna get it! Yeah! Ooh, look, %% is unconscious on the floor! S-E-X, I think I found it!
STOP YOUR FOUL WHINING, YOU FILTHY PIECE OF DISTENDED RECTUM!!!
Sigmund Freud eat your heart out.
Sir, I beg you to reconsider. If not for your sanity, you haven't even considered the moral implications of your decision. You will be joining a society where you will be compelled to have sex with beautiful, brilliant women twice daily, on demand. Now, am I the only one here who finds that just a little bit tacky? *looks around* Well, quite clearly, I am.
Smoke me a kipper, I'll be back for breakfast.
So... let me get this straight. You want to fly on a magic carpet, to see the king of the potato people and plead with him for your freedom, and you're telling me you're completely sane?
Space Corps Directive 34124? No Officer with false teeth should attempt oral sex in zero gravity.
Starbug was built to last sir. This old baby's crashed more times than a ZX81.
Stop your putrid whining, you dank tuft of rectal pubic hair!
That was an important statement, sir, and it needed to be made. However, might I suggest that the rest of this discourse be conducted by those with brains larger than a grape?
The entire panel's deader than A-Line flares with pockets in the knees!
The poor sucker must have written it using a combination of his own blood, and even his own intestines. Someone who BADLY needed a pen.
The time for talking is over. Now call it extreme if you like, but I propose we hit it hard, and we hit it fast, with a major, and I mean major, leaflet campaign.
There's one thing you should know. Last time we met I was wearing a cute little black number with peach trim and gold spangles, and although it looks like I'm wearing the same outfit today, it is in fact an entirely different cute little black number, with completely different gold spangles!
There's only three alternatives, it thinks we're either a threat, food or a mate.... It's either gonna kill us, eat us or hump us. Either we persuade him we're not that kinda oceanic salvage vessel or we scarper pronto.
Things to do: Stop milk, pay papers, invade Czechoslovakia!
This is the first time I've ever been seduced by predeterminism theory.
Twelve? You lost your virginity when you were twelve? *thinks* You can't have been a full member of the golf club then.
We could go back to Dallas in November 1963, stand on the grassy knoll, and shout 'Duck!'. Sorry, I must have bypassed my good-taste chip.
Well, I think in all probability, Wilma Flintstone is the most desirable woman that ever lived.
Well, just lining up in ... in some kind of firing squad. Woah Woah! Hang on, hang on. Someone's being brought out, they're tying him to a stake. It's Winnie the Pooh. He's refusing the blindfold!
What a guy!
Why would a haddock kill itself? ......... why am I even asking that question?
Yes there is. You're saying there's some huge damn fish out there aren't yer? Some kinda gigantic weird pre-historic leviathan who's porked his way through this entire ocean.
You make love like a Japanese meal - small portions, but so many courses.
You see, I try sir. I'm not an insubordinate man by nature. I try and respect %% and everything, but it's not easy cos he's such a smeghead.
You send off for every bit of tat going, don't you? Just so you'll have a bit of mail to open. *silly voice*
You what? You went in there, wrote 'I AM A FISH' four hundred times, did a funny little dance and fainted!
You've got the brain of a cheese sandwich. *yokel accent and performs breaststroke* Morning farmer %%, I'm just popping down the shops in my submarine, can I buy you anything?
